content/shortcodes/badge/index.md, before:

+++
title = "Badge"
weight = 2
+++

Add badges to your content to indicate status, category, or highlight keywords.


## Info

{% badge_info() %}
  Info badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_info() */%}
  Info badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Success

{% badge_success() %}
  Success badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_success() */%}
  Success badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Warning

{% badge_warning() %}
  Warning badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_warning() */%}
  Warning badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Error

{% badge_error() %}
  Error badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_error() */%}
  Error badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Accent

{% badge_accent() %}
  Accent badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_accent() */%}
  Accent badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Primary

{% badge_primary() %}
  Primary badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_primary() */%}
  Primary badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Secondary

{% badge_secondary() %}
  Secondary badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_secondary() */%}
  Secondary badge
{%/* end */%}
```

Commit message:

Improve intro text for alert, badge, and mermaid shortcode docs

content/shortcodes/badge/index.md, after:

+++
title = "Badge"
weight = 2
+++

Add badges to your content to indicate status, category, or highlight keywords. Use badge shortcodes to visually mark important information, statuses, or categories, making your content more readable and organized.


## Info

{% badge_info() %}
  Info badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_info() */%}
  Info badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Success

{% badge_success() %}
  Success badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_success() */%}
  Success badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Warning

{% badge_warning() %}
  Warning badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_warning() */%}
  Warning badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Error

{% badge_error() %}
  Error badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_error() */%}
  Error badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Accent

{% badge_accent() %}
  Accent badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_accent() */%}
  Accent badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Primary

{% badge_primary() %}
  Primary badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_primary() */%}
  Primary badge
{%/* end */%}
```

## Secondary

{% badge_secondary() %}
  Secondary badge
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* badge_secondary() */%}
  Secondary badge
{%/* end */%}
```
