content/shortcodes/mermaid/index.md, before:

+++
title = "Mermaid Chart"
weight = 3
+++

Embed [Mermaid](https://mermaid-js.github.io/) diagrams directly in your content for visualizing flows, charts, and more.

## Example

{% mermaid() %}
quadrantChart
    title Reach and engagement of campaigns
    x-axis Low Reach --> High Reach
    y-axis Low Engagement --> High Engagement
    quadrant-1 We should expand
    quadrant-2 Need to promote
    quadrant-3 Re-evaluate
    quadrant-4 May be improved
    Campaign A: [0.3, 0.6]
    Campaign B: [0.45, 0.23]
    Campaign C: [0.57, 0.69]
    Campaign D: [0.78, 0.34]
    Campaign E: [0.40, 0.34]
    Campaign F: [0.35, 0.78]
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* mermaid() */%}
quadrantChart
    title Reach and engagement of campaigns
    x-axis Low Reach --> High Reach
    y-axis Low Engagement --> High Engagement
    quadrant-1 We should expand
    quadrant-2 Need to promote
    quadrant-3 Re-evaluate
    quadrant-4 May be improved
    Campaign A: [0.3, 0.6]
    Campaign B: [0.45, 0.23]
    Campaign C: [0.57, 0.69]
    Campaign D: [0.78, 0.34]
    Campaign E: [0.40, 0.34]
    Campaign F: [0.35, 0.78]
{%/* end */%}
```

Commit message:

Improve intro text for alert, badge, and mermaid shortcode docs

content/shortcodes/mermaid/index.md, after:

+++
title = "Mermaid Chart"
weight = 3
+++

Use the [Mermaid](https://mermaid-js.github.io/) shortcode to easily add flowcharts, sequence diagrams, and other visualizations to your documentation.

## Example

{% mermaid() %}
quadrantChart
    title Reach and engagement of campaigns
    x-axis Low Reach --> High Reach
    y-axis Low Engagement --> High Engagement
    quadrant-1 We should expand
    quadrant-2 Need to promote
    quadrant-3 Re-evaluate
    quadrant-4 May be improved
    Campaign A: [0.3, 0.6]
    Campaign B: [0.45, 0.23]
    Campaign C: [0.57, 0.69]
    Campaign D: [0.78, 0.34]
    Campaign E: [0.40, 0.34]
    Campaign F: [0.35, 0.78]
{% end %}

```jinja2
{%/* mermaid() */%}
quadrantChart
    title Reach and engagement of campaigns
    x-axis Low Reach --> High Reach
    y-axis Low Engagement --> High Engagement
    quadrant-1 We should expand
    quadrant-2 Need to promote
    quadrant-3 Re-evaluate
    quadrant-4 May be improved
    Campaign A: [0.3, 0.6]
    Campaign B: [0.45, 0.23]
    Campaign C: [0.57, 0.69]
    Campaign D: [0.78, 0.34]
    Campaign E: [0.40, 0.34]
    Campaign F: [0.35, 0.78]
{%/* end */%}
```
